Previously on
Criminal Minds: Evolution...
- (gasps)
- Everything okay?
Henry got into San Diego.
(cheering)
With whom do we have
the pleasure of speaking?
LANCE (over phone):
Call me God.
I recognize that voice.
It's Lance Kingston.
PRENTISS:
But he can't be our guy.
LEWIS:
He's his hostage.
He's been branded.
Until we have the confidence
that you're willing
to work with us.
we have to limit your access
to the outside world.
How much more limited
can my access possibly be?
Your visitors are restricted
to the family members
you've already agreed
to talk to. and that's it.
JOSHUA RYAN:
Mr. Voit.
(door closes)
My name is Joshua Ryan.
Deena Ryan was my cousin.
ROSSI:
I don't see you yelling for the warden
to let you call the BAU and
tell them you found your Fan.
You do think I'm pathetic.
Now. what did you want
to show me?
(sighs)
I'll fucking kill you.
You're not gonna
fucking kill me.
You're not even gonna
have me arrested
'cause you know I wouldn't
have walked in here
if I didn't have
a plan for this.
Now who's pathetic?
♪ ♪
(birds chirping)
(clock ticking)
ARTURO:
Geez. I mean. with the add-ons.
it's like we're buying
a car here.
SARITA:
Arturo. please.
Stop.
Seriously. at this rate.
we're not gonna get out of here
for less than 12.000 bucks.
- (Sarita sighs)
- You got any cremation options?
No. we just can't.
That's what we're gonna do.
Yes. but I promised Papé
that I'd give him
a proper burial.
ARTURO:
He wouldn't want us to take out
- a second mortgage to do it.
- (chuckles softly)
Please forgive my husband.
I completely understand.
And if I could. I would try
to offer you a better deal.
but. truthfully.
all of our costs have risen.
No. we do understand.
We do.
And Uncle Victor's funeral
was just...
- so lovely.
- Thank you.
Your mother.
she did such wonderful work.
How is she?
Uh. she's passed.
Six months ago.
Oh. I'm so sorry.
Thank you.
SARITA:
Our condolences.
Sweetheart.
Can we just take a little more
time to think about all this?
Uh...
May we call you later?
Of course. And while we don't
do cremation on site.
I can arrange everything.
And you might like
to take a look
at some of these beautiful urns.
- Oh. cool. Thanks.
- Uh. no. we...
we won't be needing that.
(chuckles)
Uh. we'll be in touch.
(sniffles)
(door opens)
- (footsteps)
- (sighing)
Good afternoon. Mrs. Enright.
The psoriasis on your neck
clear up?
Good.
(sighs)
(phone beeps. line rings)
Good afternoon. This is Marvin.
Yes. from Bancroft Mortuary.
I just wanted to let you know
that Mrs. Enright is ready.
Yes.
8:00 a.m. on Thursday
is perfect.
You have a wonderful
rest of your day.
(phone beeps)
♪ ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
NARRATOR (on audiobook):
Chapters of Grief. chapter four.
"Grieving Deliberately."
Too often.
we try to rush our grief.
We simply want
to push through it
so that we may move on
with our everyday lives.
But when it's someone
close to you who passes.
it leaves a wound.
Just like any other
bodily injury.
it requires care and patience.
If you break your ankle
one day.
you're not going to wake up
the next morning
and run a marathon.
So. as you process your grief.
you must remind yourself
that wounds take time to heal
and accept that you are human.
We eat.
We sleep.
We bleed.
We grieve.
All you can do is just
put one foot
in front of the other.
and when you open your eyes
each morning.
accept every waking minute
for what it is:
an essential part
of your grieving journey.
(exhales)
(weak. shallow breathing)
Stop.
- MARVIN: It's okay.
- Stop.
- MARVIN: Don't worry.
- (grunts)
- You're doing great.
- (grunts weakly. whimpers)
Shh.
NARRATOR (on audiobook):
Like a deep. running river
churning and flowing.
grief tends to resolve itself
on its own terms.
You can choose to fight it...
(whirring. burbling)
...resist its chaotic nature.
or choose to embrace it.
And no matter how powerless
you may feel...
(gasping breaths)
...always remember
that you are someone
who deserves love and respect.
And that you are
the only one who decides
whether or not
you will have a good day.
♪ ♪
♪
Okay. like you mean it.
You guys. let me hear you.
- (roars weakly)
- (meows)
- GARCIA: What?
- (laughter)
You call that a roar?
With passion.
- Again.
- I'm sorry.
This is a bit much.
I feel like the claws
are enough.
- How dare both of you.
- (phone chimes)
Okay. now they're here.
Okay. everyone.
get ready. get ready.
- Think feral. okay? Here we go.
- Shh. shh.
(door opening)
- GARCIA: Congratulations!
- (others cheering)
- (roaring)
- Congratulations!
Wow. Thanks.
Okay. your mom told you. right?
I swear I did not.
Your cars are around the corner.
ROSSI:
Oh. they were.
Okay. can we work on
our not-at-work stealthiness?
No. no. it's cool.
I like it. Thanks. Auntie P.
- (group murmuring)
- So sweet.
- Meow.
- (laughter)
- This is impressive.
- (laughs)
Ooh.
Oh. so Spence told me
that he's happy for Henry
but that he can still make
that call to Caltech.
you know.
if he changes his mind.
You have a lot to be proud of.
You know who we're really here
to celebrate. right?
You and Will.
It's-it's been a long road.
Heard you're getting roped
into another Voit sit-down.
Oh. yeah. Should be interesting.
- What does he want?
- No idea.
The guy's gone silent since we
put him in the penalty box.
(chuckling): Yeah.
he-he threw a bit of a tantrum
when we limited his visitation.
but this could be
an olive branch.
Hey. chuckleheads.
What did we say? No shop talk.
- Oh.
- Yeah.
- All right.
- Busted.
Okay. my pretties.
before work consumes us.
let's take a family photo.
Now. this happens
in groups of three.
So. let the first one be
just our fabulous selves.
(camera beeping)
- (camera snaps)
- Okay.
Now a silly one.
No. no. no. Bobcat.
- Okay. uh. one. two...
- (camera beeping)
- (phones buzzing. chiming)
- Oh.
(camera continues beeping)
Three.
(camera snaps)
Early this morning.
a teen wilderness troop
was happily traversing
the hills and hollers
of Darrington Nature Reserve in
Gardener County. West Virginia.
when they tragically came
upon the body
of 65-year-old Sharon Fussel.
She joins Janis Kline
as the second woman
in under two weeks
to be found in that area.
Both victims had
their eyes glued open
and their bodies
completely drained of blood.
phlebotomist-style.
Those women don't look dead.
Yeah. more like someone
just shook them awake.
Do we have a time of death
on either?
No. And the local coroner
is just as perplexed
about the state of these bodies
as we are.
Locals should run
a tox screening
for methanol and ethanol.
Embalming fluid?
Yeah. it helps
preserve the bodies.
Maybe he's leaving them
in a state
where he can come back
and enjoy.
The victims are around
the same height. weight.
Unsub has a physical type.
But the victims are
ten years apart.
There's no sign of assault.
And he glued the eyes open
postmortem.
What are you thinking?
Unsubs will often
force their victims
to watch what they're doing.
This guy does it
after he kills them.
Well. he must feel
more comfortable
"interacting" with his victims
once they're dead.
Gardener County has turned
the investigation over
to the West Virginia Staties.
JJ. Tyler. let's interview
friends and family.
Dave. Luke.
review the autopsy reports.
Disturbing this unsub's
dumping ground
isn't gonna slow him down.
♪ ♪
(distant. indistinct
P.A. announcement)
LEWIS (sighs):
Elias.
We got your message.
Let me get this straight...
you want us to break
WITSEC protocol
to check in on your family.
(stammering):
I get it.
It's frowned upon
when government agencies
shit in each other's
litter boxes.
- but given the circumstances...
- LEWIS: Elias.
You'd be doing them... you're
essentially cleaning up...
Elias. one of our own went
into WITSEC. all right?
It's safe.
Yeah.
One of your own.
This is different.
When the world learned my name.
it put them at risk.
You're right. and the Marshals
probably had to move
heaven and earth
to get them new identities.
But. unfortunately. those were
the cards they were dealt.
Cards they were dealt by you.
Now. where is this coming from?
Do you have some reason
to believe
that the Fan is gonna
target your family?
I just want to know
they're safe.
(sighs)
We'll see what we can do.
♪ ♪
Yes. Mrs. Beltran.
El Paso Oak is the solid oak
with wheat corners.
Yes. I agree.
And that wouldn't
cost you much more.
(sighs) Well. let's see.
Would you and your husband
be able to come by
Friday morning?
Perfect.
Now. you have a wonderful
rest of your day.
(beeping)
NARRATOR (on audiobook):
Chapter five.
"Weathering the Storm."
Losing a loved one
can make us feel powerless.
Like we have no control.
Now. picture yourself alone
on a sailboat
that's crossing the ocean.
Dark storm clouds surround you.
Gale-force winds bearing down.
Waves crashing over the sides.
tossing the boat
left and right.
Do you shut your eyes and hope
for the winds to change?
For the storm to pass?
Or do you take charge
and adjust the sails?
(beeps)
- WOMAN: Help me!
- (banging)
Anyone!
Help me!
Please. please. please help me!
Please let me out!
Please. Please.
- (door opens)
- No.
No more. No. (exhales)
No more. okay?
No more. No.
What the fuck is... (whimpers)
(crying): No.
What the fuck are you doing?
What the fuck is wrong with you?
You need to eat.
(pained whimpering)
(gurgles. coughs)
(groans. spits)
You sick fuck!
(coughs. gags)
(spitting. groaning)
(sighs)
That wasn't so bad.
(breathing heavily)
You're only making this harder
on yourself. my dear.
(grunts)
(screams)
(whimpering. gurgling)
JJ:
We're so sorry
for your loss. Mr. Fussel.
TED:
When they brought me in
to identify Sharon.
she still looked...
so alive.
Like I just needed to shake her.
she'd get up and walk out.
Mr. Fussel. what do you remember
about the day
that Sharon went missing?
It was the day
after my birthday.
Two months ago.
We'd just moved into
a senior-living community.
which Sharon wasn't
too thrilled about.
She'd gone out to the mailbox.
which was
around the block there.
That was the last time
I saw her.
You know. I didn't think that
we needed to spend the money
on one of those
security systems with cameras.
This isn't your fault.
Can you think of anyone who
would want to hurt your wife?
Not a soul.
Everybody adored her.
I'm trying not to think about
what he might have done
to her. you know?
It's all so sickening.
Why would he bother
to change her clothes?
The clothes they found her in...
they weren't hers?
No.
When she left the house.
she was wearing. like.
her jogging outfit.
JJ: So. we confirmed
with Janis Kline's son
the clothes she was wearing
when she was found
weren't hers. either.
Which means he's re-dressing
the victims postmortem.
Now. I'm no fashion expert.
but there don't seem to be
any striking similarities
between the clothes
on Sharon and Janis.
Yeah. now that you mention it.
the style of the clothes
are distinct...
from different decades. maybe.
I see your point.
You'd expect an unsub
to use a surrogate
to re-create a specific fantasy
over and over.
He's definitely preserving them
to be modeled for something.
M.E. ran additional tox screens.
and both victims.
along with embalming fluid.
had near-lethal levels
of magnesium in their systems.
I thought the cause of death
was exsanguination.
It was.
That means this guy was
force-feeding them magnesium
- over several days.
- Why magnesium?
It enhances hydration.
uh. reduces inflammation.
Some people say it makes
your skin more radiant.
All the better
for him to admire.
NARRATOR (on audiobook):
Grief introduces chaotic forces
that can disrupt
our daily routines.
But those turbulent forces
can be channeled.
Rather than trying
to ignore your grief.
try listening to it.
The pain you feel is
the residual effect
of loving someone.
Just because they're
no longer with you
doesn't mean
they can't continue
to motivate and inspire you.
But. in order to properly
channel those emotions.
you should remember
this timeless maxim:
We must accept
what we cannot control.
"We must accept
what we cannot control."
♪ ♪
(flashbulb snaps)
PRENTISS: Voit wants us to find
his family in WITSEC.
What prompted this?
Well. we think that it might
have something to do with...
this man.
He checked in as Joshua Ryan.
cousin of Alex. Deena's father.
- Mm-hmm.
- REBECCA: He visited three times
in three days.
Watch what happened
on his last visit.
LEWIS: We think that's a photo
of Voit's family.
That's what got him spooked?
Look. Voit tried to get
a message to the Fan.
inviting him to come
visit him in prison.
What if he did just that?
He didn't sign the release
for the audio recording.
and he came in
with ghost glasses.
LEWIS:
They emitted an infrared light
that blew out
the security cameras.
PRENTISS:
Holy shit.
- This is him.
- LEWIS: Yeah.
Yeah. that's not all.
Look at this.
See that keychain?
It's an anime character.
Extremely similar to the artwork
that we found
in Victoria Everman's apartment.
- A trophy from his first kill.
- LEWIS: I think so.
REBECCA:
Do we really think it's possible
the Fan could actually be
Alex Ryan's cousin?
I think it's far more likely
the Fan pulled one over on Alex.
but either way. we need to get
Alex in for questioning now.
We're on it.
♪ ♪
ROSSI: Does it matter if your Fan knows
exactly where they are or not?
Because. if there's a will.
there's a way.
It's what I've been saying
ever since they locked you up
in this place.
I noticed you didn't mention
to Dr. Lewis
that he showed up
to threaten your family.
I asked her to check on them.
Eh. if I didn't know
any better. I would say
- you're up to your old tricks.
- I'm not.
You know how I know?
Because you go quiet
and you start lying
to everybody.
including yourself.
(quiet chatter)
As anyone who has been forced
to read Ayn Rand will tell you.
awfulness comes in three parts.
Another body
in Darrington Reserve?
Nope. but a stone's throw away
in Fielder County.
Our unsub's got
a new dumping ground.
I'll get Dave
and head over there now.
Yeah.
REBECCA:
Thanks for coming in. Mr. Ryan.
I know what
you're going to ask me.
Do you?
It's about my cousin. isn't it?
Yes. it is.
Look...
I know that me and my ex-wife
are the only ones
that were given permission
to speak to Voit...
...but I swear
I-I couldn't do it.
And when Joshua reached out.
it was like...
the universe stepping in
to help me.
I hadn't seen Joshua in 20...
I don't know. maybe 30 years.
And in all that time.
he got himself a...
a PhD in criminology.
Really?
And so. I'm assuming that Joshua
offered to speak to Voit
on your behalf?
He said he wanted to write books
on serial killers.
So it seemed like a good plan.
After your cousin's visits.
did he reach out to you again?
No. not yet. Why?
Mr. Ryan. we don't believe
that the person
that you interacted with was
actually your cousin Joshua.
What?
He knew everything
about my family.
I'm sure that he did.
Do you have any contact
information for this man?
Uh. we...
we only wrote emails
back and forth.
The last one bounced...
bounced back for some reason.
(sucks teeth)
Who would do this?
(Lewis takes deep breath)
(siren wailing)
They get an I.D. on the victim?
State Police identified her
as Chloe Watts.
She was reported missing
three weeks ago.
Same as the two other victims
over in Gardener.
Eyes glued open.
TOOMEY: I can't be certain of cause
or time of death.
but the staging
is clearly the same.
How old was she?
Forty-three.
Well. finally.
a distinct pattern emerges.
Each victim is getting younger
by a decade.
You know. and the clothing style
seems to get more dated
with each victim.
It's as if he's
honoring someone.
like a wife
or a family member who died.
And if that's the case.
these clothes
might very well be hers.
They haven't been soaked
in bleach.
That woman's DNA
might still be on them.
Yeah. that's what
I'm betting on.
Dr. Toomey.
we're gonna need to run
a fiber analysis on her clothes.
Absolutely.
("O mio babbino caro" from
Puccini's Gianni Schicchi plays)
(aria continues with
operatic singing in Italian)
(aria continues playing
in other room)
(grunting)
(straining)
(grunts)
(panting):
Oh. fuck
(panting)
(grunts)
(lighter flicks)
(grunts quietly)
(muffled grunting)
(muffled screaming)
(aria continues)
(inhales deeply)
(exhales)
(muffled groaning)
(muffled screaming)
I have so much to tell you.
(aria continues)
(muffled screaming)
(pained yelling)
(whimpering)
♪ ♪
(dribbles ball)
(ball drops through net)
(ball bouncing)
♪ ♪
(clears throat quietly)
(sighs)
- HOLLY: Dad. stop talking.
- (tires squeal)
(sighs):
Okay.
I can't drive and listen
at the same time.
No. hey. hey.
you are doing great.
What's the point of this?
Driverless cars
are like two years away.
Oh. my God. do you know
what driving represents?
Our addiction to fossil fuels?
Driving represents freedom.
- (scoffs)
- Hey.
A couple years. your world is
going to open up.
and there's gonna be no more
homework. no more curfew...
No angsty parents
peeking over my shoulder.
No angsty parents.
Life is gonna
give you room to run.
and I'm not gonna be here
to ride shotgun.
so I need to know that you are
ready to take the wheel. okay?
Got it.
One little problem.
- Hmm?
- I don't have my permit.
What do we tell Mom?
It'll be our secret.
What she doesn't know
can't hurt her.
Right. Okay.
- (sighs): Okay.
- Hands at ten and two.
And just try to lay off
the brake this time. all right?
(sighs) Yeah. Dad. I got it.
(sighs)
- (buzzing)
- (door clanks open)
(indistinct shouting
in distance)
Elias.
Elias. we know
the Fan visited you
and threatened your family.
He had a picture of them.
It could've been a part
of a court record.
He could've lifted it
off a police server.
REBECCA: Director of the U.S. Marshals
assured me
that whatever threat
the Fan made was a bluff.
Your family's new identities
have never been compromised.
Nevertheless.
the Marshals are increasing
the protective detail
on your family as we speak.
They are safe.
LEWIS:
And you can help us.
All right? Because you just
sat down with this man.
Tell us what you talked about.
♪ ♪
I need to see them first.
We swear we would if we could.
but cooperating with the BAU
also helps ensure their safety.
Yeah. or it just plays
into his hands.
All right.
I know you're scared.
Because even though
you pride yourself
on being able to profile
serial killer behavior.
you have been wrong about
the Fan from the very start.
You underestimated the pace
of his evolution.
You misinterpreted
his motivations.
This guy is creeping around
in your blind spot.
He knows it. and that's why
he can provoke you.
REBECCA:
That could be part of his game. too.
like a shell game.
Right?
While we're focusing on you
and your family. he's free
- to pursue his real goal.
- Yeah.
And if you're right. then
everything he shared with me
is just gonna lead you
into a trap. isn't it?
♪
(Voit sighs)
- (computer chimes)
- (gasps)
Fresh from the West Virginia
Crime Lab oven.
we have confirmation
that there was DNA
of an unidentified woman on the
clothes of all three victims.
No hit from CODIS just yet.
but they did send us
a clear genetic profile.
Basically. she's Caucasian.
medium build.
with dark hair and blue eyes.
Which matches our victims.
This woman would've been ripped
from our unsub's life
in a terrible way.
Name that tragedy.
Accident. homicide. suicide.
And these women are
some sort of a tribute to her.
Okay. but why go
to such great lengths
to preserve them
only to discard them?
GREEN:
I think I know why.
There were trace amounts
of acetic acid
found on Chloe Watts's body.
Acetic acid is used
in the development process
of old-school black-and-white
film photography.
So he's keeping the memory
of this woman alive
by photographing these victims
in her image.
Penelope. can you start
culling through the names
of embalmers. undertakers
and morticians
that reside
in the tri-county area?
- Yeah.
- JJ: And focus your search on
those who've lost a close
female family member.
Spreading out
my digital tentacles now.
- (computer chimes)
- Which. oops. I have to retract.
'cause we just got
a missing persons report
from Fielder County.
Grace Menard. 27.
That tracks
with his victimology.
How long has she been gone?
Uh. her mom filed the report.
The last time they talked
was three days ago.
If the unsub took her.
she doesn't have much time.
- The Platinum Series.
- (pencil scratching on paper)
Excellent choice.
Well. as my mother always said.
preparedness is
next to godliness.
♪ ♪
(breathing heavily)
Thank you.
I feel as if
she's still with me every day.
(breathing heavily)
(yells)
(chiming. vibrating)
Of course. That's...
That's very kind of you to say.
Mrs. Buchwalter.
You have a wonderful
rest of your day.
(sighs)
(footfalls descending stairs)
♪ ♪
(glass crunching)
(screams)
(groans)
(shuddering breaths)
(gasping)
(doorknob jiggling)
(grunts) Son of a bitch.
(panting)
(sniffles)
(whimpers)
- (whooshing. electrical buzzing)
- (grunts. whimpers)
(thuds)
(buzzing stops)
Okay. dreamboats. based on
the wonderful parameters...
- (footsteps approaching)
- Hi. Come on in.
...that you gave me.
I was able to uncover
the recent. untimely death
of a one Katrina Bancroft.
She died in a single-car
accident six months ago.
It says here
she drove off a cliff
near the Darrington Reserve.
where the first two victims
were found.
Suicide.
Yeah. that's what
the authorities deemed it as.
especially because her car
was filled to the brim
with personal items.
Body burned so badly
they needed dental records
to identify her.
ALVEZ:
She was the owner and operator
of a funeral home
in Fielder County.
Yes. and that was bequeathed
to her one and only son.
Marvin Bancroft.
who filed multiple claims
on his mom's insurance.
all which were denied.
demanding compensation
for the. quote-unquote.
"priceless portraits"
of his mother
that were taken every year
on her birthday
for the better part of 68 years.
Do we have an address
for Marvin?
Of course we do.
I just sent it to your phones.
Have the deputies
meet us on site.
GARCIA:
You got it.
(birds chirping)
(playing "Ave Maria")
("Ave Maria" continues)
♪ ♪
♪
(sniffs)
What the fuck?
Hold still. please.
What is this?
- What are you doing?
- Shh.
Don't worry.
I promise you
that you are in good hands.
What the fuck are you doing?
(liquid pouring)
Hey. hey.
Hey. hey. hey. hey.
that-that's...
that's-that's your mom
in the other room?
Pardon?
In there. in...
I'm right. aren't I?
And-and-and she-she...
she passed away?
Yeah?
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
What was her name?
- Katrina.
Um. what did...
It's a beautiful name.
What did she name you?
- Marvin.
Yeah. Marvin. Marvin.
My mom named me Grace.
(chuckles)
(laughing):
Like the blessing.
(Grace takes deep breath)
I'm sure your mom is really...
really. really proud
of you. Marvin.
Yeah.
- (crying): Thank you. Grace.
- (chuckling): Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
(whimpering):
No. no. no. no.
No. no. no. no. no.
Hey. Hey.
Marvin.
You do not have to do
all of this. Marvin.
Okay?
(panting)
Okay? (whimpers)
(grunts) No.
(whimpering)
(sobbing)
(sobbing):
I'm begging you. Marvin.
- (siren wailing)
- (tires squealing)
♪ ♪
ROSSI:
Tyler and I will cover the back.
You two take the front.
(lock clicks)
(chimes. vibrates)
No.
No. no. no. no!
(burbling)
FBI!
JJ:
Marvin Bancroft!
Grace? Grace.
you're gonna be okay.
You're all right. okay?
Just breathe.
We need medical.
All right?
- Come on. get her out of here.
- (Grace grunting weakly)
Put the gun down
and turn around.
I can't leave her.
JJ:
You're not leaving her.
She's always with you.
Yes. she is.
That's-that's right.
See. Marvin. I... I'm a mom.
And I know moms never
want to see their kids
get hurt.
So I'm gonna need you
to just put the gun down.
"We must accept
what we can't control."
(exhales)
(kicks gun away)
(siren wails quietly)
♪ ♪
JJ:
"There is an enduring tenderness
"in the love of a mother
to a son
that transcends all other
affections of the heart."
Washington Irving.
GARCIA:
Oh. look at that gorgeous creature.
- (gasps)
- (JJ sighs)
JJ:
Okay. I promised myself
I would hold off
on reminiscing. but...
Oh. come on.
Indulge. my sweet friend.
- Indulge.
- (door opens)
(gasps) Yes.
JJ:
Henry.
GARCIA:
Oh. yes.
The handsome plane has landed.
Where did you get the suit?
It was a wave
of my fairy godmother wand.
An early graduation present.
and Luke was nice enough
to pick it up.
It's classy. right?
(sighs):
Oh. God. you...
you look...
so grown-up. (chuckles)
- HENRY: Mom.
- What?
You're doing the thing again.
(laughing):
Deal with it. okay? Come here.
Um. I'm hungry.
Mm. Of course you are.
That makes two of us.
I told the rest of the team
to meet us at Verano. so...
Well. it's too late now.
(Italian accent):
Never too late for Verano's.
(normal accent):
Come on. I'm...
They're gonna be there.
I'm paying.
Well. then I'll take care
of the apps and the zerts.
- Great.
- Can I change. then?
ALVEZ:
What. are you crazy?
No way. man.
You got to take it for a spin.
Come on. Let's go.
- (hushed): Yes!
- ALVEZ: All right?
- (door opens)
- Gonna get my stuff.
It's exciting.
Oh. and with the back of it.
Oh. this is gonna be great.
PRENTISS: You know. I can't help
thinking there's a method
behind the Fan's madness.
because he is consistent.
Each time he makes us commit
to heading in one direction.
he dekes.
So. let's go back over
the timeline again.
Absolutely.
Eight weeks ago. the Fan kills
Victoria Everman.
♪ ♪
(yelps. groans)
- (grunting)
- (whimpering)
(sighs)
PRENTISS:
Strangles her.
And takes a souvenir.
As far as we know. that's
an isolated act of violence.
But one week after that.
Voit goes on
Brian Garrity's podcast.
VOIT:
There's nothing
romantic about me.
It's sad how pathetic I am.
but you know who's
even more pathetic?
Someone who makes
a show about it.
- And anyone who listens to it.
- (banging)
Which opens an entirely new
can of worms.
The Fan is clearly innervated.
And he responds a week later
by sending a message to Voit.
A week after that.
he sends Voit
the photos of Laura Boyd.
Two days after that.
he kidnaps Laura's ex.
Lance Kingston.
The Fan uses Lance
as a proxy to try
to communicate with Voit.
and then he punishes him
by branding him
over and over again
with the same word
Voit used to describe him:
- "pathetic."
- LEWIS: Hmm.
Then silence for another week.
Until he risks everything
by talking to Voit face-to-face.
And threatened his family.
Where'd you get that?
Presumably to poke the bear.
but the question is: Why?
Do you think that he knew
we were out of town?
- I wouldn't put it past him.
- Hmm.
Now. I understand
the simmering psychopathy
that led inevitably to him
murdering Victoria Everman.
I understand his desire
to gain the attention
of one of the most notorious
serial killers of all time.
I understand what it means
to have his heart broken
by his idol.
But what I don't get is
Laura and Lance.
Why do these two play
such a key role in
the Fan's psychodrama?
I mean. they have to be
connected to Voit somehow.
But they aren't.
Maybe to his family.
But not before
they joined WITSEC.
Otherwise. there's no way
we wouldn't have made
that connection.
Yeah. you're right.
And neither Laura nor Lance
see any connection. either.
No. they don't.
and neither does Voit.
(sighs) Unless...
(clicks tongue)
Unless Voit's lying to us.
I don't think he is lying.
I-I think he's wrong.
It's what you said...
this guy has thrown Voit
for a loop.
I mean. he is definitely
living rent-free
in Voit's head right now.
So. based on the murder
of Victoria Everman.
the Fan's profile suggests
Laura Boyd means something
to him.
The U.S. Marshals stopped
monitoring Laura weeks ago.
Same with Lance.
As soon as he was discharged
from the hospital.
(sighs)
Rebecca's got to make a call.
Okay. right now. I'd say
Laura Boyd is our priority.
And we need to take her back
into protective custody
until we've eliminated
the threat the Fan poses.
- Thank you.
- No problem.
- (vehicle approaches)
- (horn honks)
- COWORKER: See you. Laura.
- Night.
(phone ringing)
- (chuckles)
- (phone beeps)
Oh. wow. Five after 10:00.
Starting to get worried.
Yeah. they kept me late again.
They have me proofreading
this food allergy cookbook.
If I have to read
one more word about aquafaba.
I am going to hurl.
(chuckles softly)
I know.
Living the dream.
♪ In my foolish lover's
game... ♪
- (lock beeps)
- (keys drop to ground)
(laughing):
I know.
I know. but why should I
have to do something
that A.I. could do
in like three seconds?
You're right.
You're always right.
All righty. Mom.
I know.
Okay. Will do.
I love you. too.
Good night.
(phone beeps)
- ♪ Watching in slow motion ♪
- (takes deep breath)
- ♪ As you turn around and say ♪
- (gasping)
(coughing. choking)
♪ Take my breath away. ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org